hey how's it going guys this is a v2 D
and this is my review of the HP Spectre
so this thing measures in at ten point
four millimeters very thin they're
actually marketing it as the thinnest
laptop on the market right now which
does really cool on paper but super thin
laptops are often underpowered or
improperly cooled sometimes both but HP
says this one's a little bit different
the top surface is aluminum with that
new minimal looking HP logo in that gold
or copper color depending on how you
look at it the bottom surface is carbon
fiber
it feels pretty durable and it doesn't
have a lot of material flecks like the
LG Graham did to open the bottom we peel
off the top and bottom rubber strips and
then you remove some screws there's 8
gigs of ram which is soldered on you
can't replace that but there's a 256 gig
drive it's got OK speeds but if you want
to you can easily replace it at the back
of the laptop is a metal bar in that
flashy gold color the specter uses a
piston hinge for the screen it looks
kind of cool and the hinge itself feels
very solid but there's a bit of play on
the screen when it's open it's mild and
it doesn't bother me when I'm using it
but it is there build quality everywhere
else is pretty good the screen in the
chassis have some flex but it's expected
for our device this thin but nothing
feels cheap or flimsy all the surfaces
on this laptop are prone to smudges and
fingerprints
especially that gold segment but
fortunately they give you a sleeve to
carry the laptop in on the back is where
you'll find three USB C ports two of
which are capable of Thunderbolt 3 and
lastly an audio jack it also comes with
the USB a adapter but that's it for
ports it's a pretty lean laptop
opening it up we have aluminum on the
inside surface the keyboard is really
really nice 1.3 millimeters of travel
good backlighting and a very nice
response when you're typing it's
actually one of the better keyboards
I've used in an ultrabook
which is so weird because it's so thin
the glass trackpad is okay it's a lot
smaller than I'd like but it's still a
usable size tracking is okay but there's
an issue where my cursor would often
skip while I was left clicking super
annoying but I really think it's a
software thing that they can patch up
the speakers look cool and they are B&O
branded but they sound mediocre it has
very little bass and the max volume is
kind of low if you need your Ultrabook
to have excellent speakers this isn't
the one for you the IPS panel is 1080p
and has gorilla glass covering it but
it's on the touch screen despite that
glossy finish it's bright at 310 Mnet's
vibrant colors with excellent viewing
angles and the color accuracy is also
respectable they did a great job on the
screen and up top there's a 720p webcam
it looks ok when I first saw pictures of
the spectre I remember thinking that
this someone runs super hot but it
doesn't it uses something HP calls a
hyperbaric cooling system fancy name but
the idea is pretty simple there's a trim
around the fan and when the bottom panel
is on it creates a seal so that all of
the air that gets sucked in has to come
from the outside of the laptop so in
theory the air pressure inside the
laptop is higher and it forces the hot
air out the vent so it does it work kind
of light and moderate use like emails
web browsing or even streaming videos
those won't stress the CPU very much and
the fan won't even turn on when you're
doing some light Photoshop or
programming it's also no problem there's
a little bit of mild fan noise but
there's no heat issues and there's no
throttling but if you're hoping to edit
videos or play heavier games on this
thing it can still do it but it might
throttle down with extended use so light
games will hit 50 to 55 frames per
second at lowest graphic settings at
1080p moderately demanding games like
overwatch or Rainbow six you'll notice
some throttling during gameplay with the
lowest graphics settings elevator around
40 to 45 frames per second not amazing
but if you play for 10 or 15 minutes
it'll drop even lower I ran some
benchmarks to check this out
temperatures are comfortable and the fan
doesn't get super loud or anything but
the CPU is being throttled on the i7 it
slows down to around 2 gigahertz this
doesn't happen on the XPS 13 or the
razorblade self because they're thicker
and the fans are bigger on the spektr
the throttle isn't super bad it's not
like a crippling reduction in speed I've
seen worse but it is noticeable the
battery lasts around five hours of
regular use which isn't great for an
ultrabook
but if the trade-offs are going thin the
45 watt adapter takes a couple hours to
charge the specter and you can use any
of the ports to charge it now for some
reason the AC adapter doesn't come with
the flip out prongs might only had the
long cable okay before the spectre came
out these are my top two picks for
Windows ultrabooks
the XPS 13 if you wanted narrow screen
bezels and good battery life and the
Razer Blade stealth if you wanted good
value and the immediate ability to
connect the core for gaming the HP
Spectre also deserves to be on this list
but it's aimed at a more average user
it currently starts at eleven hundred
and seventy dollars it has a
ridiculously thin chassis with
respectable build quality the 1080p
panel looks awesome but it's not touch
sensitive the backlit keyboard is
fantastic the speakers and the trackpad
are just okay inside the i5 or i7
skylake chips and the integrated
graphics are great for light to moderate
use but cooling it is tough if you're
video editing or playing heavier games
the eight gigs of RAM are soldered on
that 256 gig m2 storage is replaceable
and lastly it has a 38 watt hour battery
that gets around five hours of battery
life so I think they did a really good
job on this laptop but it's geared
towards a user that isn't going to slam
the CPU too hard because if you are it's
going to throttle now the color scheme
isn't for everyone and the battery life
isn't amazing but if you do like gold
and you want ultra portability this is a
fantastic laptop that's the end of this
video I hope you guys liked it thumbs if
you liked it subs if you loved it it's
been nice I'll see you guys next time